[Order matters according to priority we should develop based on IMHO.]

- Friendly user experience build on top of the analytics web apps in the market
  Getting basic idea from this website: https://ukraine-conflict-analysis.herokuapp.com/ our web app
  is going to behave like a content aggregator(data jobs aggregator) either by checking web app or apis.

- Site connectivity checker on regular basis so web app is loading fast and less delay as much as possible
  There are many site connectivity checker tools on the internet it may be helpful also
  requests library in python.

- Have docs of our apis docs so user can see the web app
  also the publicly available apis.

- List all data jobs by default in a nice format beside analytics part also providing regex query search tool
  so user can search by keyword/jobtitle/... etc based on available search criteria on the data. For example:
  https://www.regextester.com/ so Test string in website would be our whole list of jobs and given search
  text by user and we search that given text by the user into our test string which in that case our jobs
  by the regular expression Also it is so nice if there are alternative suggestions(may be the user mispell the keyword) 
  and output selection after user enters text(if already found). Python libraries for regular expressions(re).

- Selection sites for users maybe the user wanna specific websites e.g.: only linkedin so we're going to
  return jobs only related to linkedin most of this idea is going to be done on behalf of the backend by providing
  apis for the most publicly jobs websites on the internet and also provide an api for all (data currently) jobs across
  all websites (duplication into consideration).

- Putting interesting interactive visualizations (may be using bokeh python third party library) 
  in the default page of the website.

- Adding emails subscription to newsletter if subscribed, sending autogenerated user friendly pdfs 
  gives analytics about data jobs and skills on regular basis e.g: per month so end-user can get an idea
  about what data market's currently talking about.

- Implement Url Shortner (may be using third-party api) to Share the analytics host on our web app
  to many different platforms e.g.: Linkedin, Twitter, ...etc. Short as possible is an important factor.
  An additional feature would be custom url so giving the user the option to enter a custom url
  at the time of creation is a desirable extra feature.

[Any ideas/re-ordering priorities are welcome]